Update backward extremity docs to make it clear that it does not indicate whether we have fetched an events' `prev_events` (#11469)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/room-dag-concepts.md

The forward extremities of a room are used as the `prev_events` when the next event is sent.

## Backward extremity

The current marker of where we have backfilled up to and will generally be the

> oldest-in-time events we know of in the DAG.

Reviewer: ... or rather, the `prev_events` of the oldest-in-time events we know of.

Author: > ... or rather, the prev_events of the oldest-in-time events we know of.

They are the oldest-in-time events we know of but sometimes we only know their `event_ids`. Suggestion to phrase it better?

oldest-in-time events we know of in the DAG.

This is an event where we haven't fetched all of the `prev_events` for.

Once we have fetched all of its `prev_events`, it's unmarked as a backwards
extremity (although we may have formed new backwards extremities from the prev

> events during the backfilling process).

Author: These statements are not true according to the code. Actual behavior in the new part of the diff 👉

Relevant code:

 - https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/f1795463bf503a6fca909d77f598f641f9349f56/synapse/storage/databases/main/events.py#L2170-L2216

The forward extremities of a room are used as the `prev_events` when the next event is sent.

## Backward extremity

The current marker of where we have backfilled up to and will generally be the

> oldest-in-time events we know of in the DAG. This gives a starting point when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prev_events` of the oldest-in-time events we have in the DAG. This gives a starting point when
```
